----------------------------------------------------------------------
Report of the Referee -- DQ12326/Marsat
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Exploring the Bayesian parameter estimation of binary black
holes with LISA


In this paper, the authors present the Bayesian inferences
of supermassive and stellar-mass black hole systems.
For the supermassive systems, the waveforms include the
merger/ringdown and higher harmonics. Parameter degeneracies
are explored and the role of higher harmonics in breaking
these degeneracies is discussed. This will be a valuable addition
to the literature and should be published in PRD. I ask the
authors to consider my comments below publication.


I found the discussion of the LISA response in sec II
particularly useful. Although most (all?) of this material
is described elsewhere in the literature this is a nice
concise summary. And it is well placed here as it helps
in understanding the parameter degeneracies described later.
(This is not a comment that requires any action.)


For the supermassive BH signals, the inferences in this
paper use a waveform model with no spins. (Described in
sec III B). This very significant simplification; it greatly
simplifies the modelling (e.g. the ROM only interpolates in 1D)
and may obscure some parameter degeneracies. I ask the authors
to consider emphasising this point more prominently in the
introduction and/or abstract. The other key simplification
(namely the accelerated likelihood calculation of a sparse grid
of frequencies) is already clearly pointed out in the abstract.


Eq. 20 describes an approximation to the transfer function
(single link redshift observables) based on a separation of
timescales. I would find useful if this approximation could
be explained in more detail in the text. For example,
what are the different timescales involved?


When discussing degeneracies in the sky. Is it possible to
compare the match between the injected signal and the best
fitting signal from the other side of the sky? Currently in
this is discussed in section VIB where the authors use
log-likelihood values to quantify the importance of the second
mode. I think using match values might be more familiar to
many in the community.


ONE MINOR TYPO THAT I SPOTTED
----
In sec III E: "In this process we also impose the
constrain...", constraint?
